# pre_acceptance

> Provide your corrections in a single PDF ﬁle or post your comments in the Production Forum 
> making sure to reference the relevant query/line
> number. Upload or post all your corrections directly in the Production Forum to avoid any comments being missed.

Q  |Description                                                                                                                                                                |Reply
---|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q1 |Conﬁrm whether the insertion of the article title is correct.                                                                                                              |The title is incorrect should be: Transmembrane helices are an over-presented and evolutionarily conserved source of major histocompatibility complex class I and II epitopes
Q2 |The citation and surnames of all of the authors have been highlighted [...]                                                                                                |Checked, it is correct
Q3 |Conﬁrm that the email address in your correspondence section is accurate.                                                                                                  |It is correct
Q4 |Please ask the following authors to register with Frontiers [...]                                                                                                          |This author has been asked to do so
Q5 |There is a discrepancy between the [...] author names [...] “Maksim V. Baranov", "Geert van den Bogaart” instead of [...]. Please conﬁrm that these are correct.           |The current styling correct ('Maksim V. Baranov'  and 'Geert van den Bogaart', that is)
Q6 |Conﬁrm that all author afﬁliations are correctly listed [...]                                                                                                              |Checked! Please change affiliation to the following: Department of Molecular Immunology, Groningen Biomolecular Sciences and Biotechnology Institute, University of Groningen, 9747AG Groningen, The Netherlands . Thanks!
Q7 |Conﬁrm if the edit made in the afﬁliation is ﬁne.                                                                                                                          |Checked! Please change affiliation to the following: Department of Molecular Immunology, Groningen Biomolecular Sciences and Biotechnology Institute, University of Groningen, 9747AG Groningen, The Netherlands . Thanks!
Q8 |Provide the expanded form of "GBB".                                                                                                                                        |Groningen Biomolecular Sciences and Biotechnology Institute
Q9 |Conﬁrm that the keywords are correct and keep them to a maximum of eight and a minimum of ﬁve [...]                                                                        |Keywords: antigen presentation, membrane proteins,adaptive immunity, transmembrane domain, epitopes, MHC-I, MHC-II, evolutionary conservation
Q10|Conﬁrm that the short running title is correct, making sure to keep it to a maximum of ﬁve words.                                                                          |Checked: it is correct
Q11|Check if the section headers (i.e., section leveling) were correctly captured.                                                                                             |Correct, well done!
Q12|If you decide to use previously published, copyrighted ﬁgures in your article, please [...]                                                                                |Thanks, we do not use copyrighted things, so this is not applicable
Q13|Ensure that all the ﬁgures, tables and captions are correct [...]                                                                                                          |Checked and it looks great!
Q14|Verify that all the equations and special characters are displayed correctly                                                                                               |Checked and all special/LaTeX characters look fine
Q15|Figure 4C has not been mentioned in the article. Please add a citation within the text, noting that Figures must appear in sequence.                                       |Thanks! In line 618-623 we chanced the sentence to 'Also, for single- and multi-spanners, we determined the relevance of this finding by calculating where and how much less SNPs are found in TMHs when compared to soluble regions, as depicted in Figure 4B and C.'
Q16|1) Use [...] “The data presented in the study are deposited in the XXX repository, accession number XXX”; 2) Release your data or provide conﬁrmation of deposition [...]  |We uploaded the final data to Zenodo and added: 'The data presented in the study are deposited in the Zenodo repository, accession number 10.5281/zenodo.5809139.'
Q17|Conﬁrm that the Data Availability statement is accurate. Note that we have used the statement provided at Submission. If this is not the latest version, please let us know|This text is invalid, probably due an unlucky copy-paste. Here is the correct: Publicly available datasets were analyzed in this study. This data can be found here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ and https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/snp/docs/RefSNP_about/. The data presented in the study are deposited in the Zenodo repository, accession number 10.5281/zenodo.5809139. All code, intermediate and final results are archived at https://github.com/richelbilderbeek/bbbq_article.
Q18|Ensure to add all grant numbers and funding information, [...]                                                                                                             |Checked to be correct 
Q19|TODO: Ensure that any supplementary material is correctly published at [...]                                                                                               |TODO
Q20|Provide the page range for the following reference. 4.                                                                                                                     |1-11
Q21|Provide the volume number for the following reference. 14.                                                                                                                 |BioRxiv is a pre-print server that does not have volumes
Q22|Provide the volume number and page range for the following reference. 41.                                                                                                  |BioRxiv is a pre-print server that does not have volumes
Q23|Conﬁrm if the text included in the Conﬂict of Interest statement is correct.                                                                                               |Confirmed :-)
Q24|Please provide doi for 15.                                                                                                                                                 |Apparently, this citation does not have a DOI?!?! It can be found (behind a paywall) at https://content-iospress-com.ezproxy.its.uu.se/articles/in-silico-biology/isb00251?resultNumber=0&totalResults=9135&start=0&q=Estimation+of+Membrane+Proteins+in+the+Human+Proteome&resultsPageSize=10&rows=10
Q25|Reduce keywords to a maximum of eight and a minimum of ﬁve.                                                                                                                |Done, see Q9
Q26|The provided link (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih/) do not appear to be working. Please check and provide updated links                                                          |Thanks! See Q17 for the correct text
Q27|Conﬁrm that the details in the “Author Contributions” section are correct and note that we have added the sentence [...].                                                  |Correct, thanks!
